[
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U6GUPSJ2Y",
        "text": "The file you've just uploaded\n- If adding stuff, add to the already existing files. Eg. The one that includes the full list of what the group should be looking at\n- the evidence that is there is not really strong evidence. For example, requirements list coflicts update exhibits actionable decsions from the responses and new measurements we made. \n- x &amp; x started .... This isn't actionble decision making. Task assignment has also already been used for the first point. \n\nThese documents should be succint, and not contain repeats of information. So, would recommend integrating stuff into the Weekly_And_Audits_Summary pdf, but do it to the files that everyone is already pointed to",
        "thread_ts": "1503807568.000039",
        "parent_user_id": "U6GC3A740",
        "ts": "1503817503.000030"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U6GUPSJ2Y",
        "text": "Ill adjust the files now. \n\nI'm also going to make the changes Gerry suggested. Which are:\n\n\"Hey man, I've just been through your repository. It looks a lot better this time, good stuff.\n\nI went through the marking criteria to see how you matched to each category, and I would say that you've done all of the Project Governance stuff quite well. I like that there are now files that are match the various parts of the marking criteria, and are clearly titled. It'll certainly make things easier for the shadows to work out where they should be looking.\n\nThe project approach stuff is all fine too. I particularly like the excel doc about the actions you've taken in response to audit feedback. It's pretty hard to demonstrate some of the project approach stuff in a repository, for example, team attitude and collaboration. Have you made any statements about this in the repository that I might have missed?\n\nThe other section, Project Outputs, is the hardest to demonstrate. You guys clearly show where the outputs are, but i think its going to be hard for shadows to judge how appropriate these outputs are. This is probably the hardest part of the audit to do well, and I dont really have any ground breaking suggestions on how to make your outputs clearer.\n\nHere's my general advice: The readme at the top of your repository is really good, and the shadows are definitely going to take the time to read it all. I would make a little more use of that, and I would expand on what you've written there. So instead of a 1 line summary of the project you make it one or two paragraphs that describe the project in a bit more detail, and also describe what you've done since the last audit and whether or not what you've done is appropriate to this stage in the project. If you were to also include some lines like 'we're all working in collaboration at Mt Stromlo every week' in this project description it might help to convince the auditor that you're hitting some of the other criteria that are hard for them to judge just from a repository. \n\nThe only specific thing that I think is worth changing is that I shouldnt be the chair of the tutor meetings. If Chris looks at that he'd want to see that one of you guys is the chair, as an indication that the team is running the meeting. That's in line with what I said at the last tute. \n\nHope this helps.\"",
        "thread_ts": "1503807568.000039",
        "parent_user_id": "U6GC3A740",
        "ts": "1503818853.000046"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U6GUPSJ2Y",
        "text": "Do we feel there's a need to email tutors\/shadows before the audit presentation, or not? ",
        "thread_ts": "1503828066.000050",
        "reply_count": 3,
        "replies": [
            {
                "user": "U6GHG87HB",
                "ts": "1503828099.000039"
            },
            {
                "user": "U6GUPSJ2Y",
                "ts": "1503828178.000013"
            },
            {
                "user": "U6GHG87HB",
                "ts": "1503828213.000061"
            }
        ],
        "unread_count": 3,
        "ts": "1503828066.000050"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U6GHG87HB",
        "text": "You already sent them the summary doc, right?",
        "thread_ts": "1503828066.000050",
        "parent_user_id": "U6GUPSJ2Y",
        "ts": "1503828099.000039"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U6GUPSJ2Y",
        "text": "Nope. The repo and relevant stuff is only just finalised.",
        "thread_ts": "1503828066.000050",
        "parent_user_id": "U6GUPSJ2Y",
        "ts": "1503828178.000013"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U6GHG87HB",
        "text": "Oh sure why not, and include a read-only link to the presentation",
        "thread_ts": "1503828066.000050",
        "parent_user_id": "U6GUPSJ2Y",
        "ts": "1503828213.000061"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U6HEWMKC4",
        "text": "Good luck today guys. Thanks for all the work you put in this weekend steve :+1::skin-tone-3:",
        "ts": "1503874552.000016",
        "reactions": [
            {
                "name": "slightly_smiling_face",
                "users": [
                    "U6GHN174M"
                ],
                "count": 1
            }
        ]
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U6GHN174M",
        "text": "<@U6GUPSJ2Y> did we manage to move the time if the presentation so Celine could come? Or at least inform her of the time?\n",
        "ts": "1503881159.000083"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U6GUPSJ2Y",
        "text": "Working on swapping it. We will need to actually talk to the groups",
        "ts": "1503881431.000049"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U6GUPSJ2Y",
        "text": "I've let Celine know the current time, and that I'll let her know if sonething is arranged",
        "ts": "1503881450.000140"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U6GHN174M",
        "text": "Ok sounds good ",
        "ts": "1503881476.000004"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U6GUPSJ2Y",
        "text": "Does anyone know our actual tutor or anyone in the other group that could cotnact them to ask about swapping?\nI can't find the info on wattle",
        "ts": "1503881910.000142"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U6GHN174M",
        "text": "Should be listed in the tutorial section of the techlauncher website ",
        "ts": "1503881971.000089"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U6GUPSJ2Y",
        "text": "Actually, Celine can't make it regardless",
        "ts": "1503883860.000004"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U6GUPSJ2Y",
        "text": "So 1345 it is",
        "ts": "1503883866.000035"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U6GUPSJ2Y",
        "text": "And there's another cohort going first",
        "ts": "1503889748.000080"
    }
]